in this video I'm going to be showing
you my exact process for Designing High
converting e-commerce emails inside of
figma this is the exact process that has
generated over $20 million for my
partner brands in the past 12 months
here are some examples that this process
has made I'm going to be showing you
stepbystep how to make these emails
inside of figma with some brief
tutorials going to be going through my
thought process when creating an email
I'm also going to be showing you how to
upload these emails inside of clavio so
that they're optimized for
deliverability now I want to start off
by saying that I would recommend staying
away from using canva for email design
because it's a little bit too simplistic
and it's really hard to organize INF
figma can be just as simple but with
more capabilities and emails just always
turn out better and it has bonus
features which I'm going to be showing
you throughout this whole video so
enough yapping let us get into it okay
so here I am inside of figma you can see
I kind of have some stuff laid out here
just so that we can have it for
reference first I want to show you a
little bit around figma so we obviously
have the this section here which you can
see it's high liting different parts of
the email because that's exactly what
these are these are called layers and so
if you choose a certain layer like if I
chose the logo right here it's going to
pull up the logo and then you get
specific information about the logo here
so if I want to like change the size I
could change the width to like 3,000 and
then it's going to update right there
but I'm just going to go ahead and undo
that and then if I click out of it you
can obviously go into any one of these
sections here and it's going to
highlight on the left and right side
then you'll also see up in this top left
corner we have different little features
that we can do here we have like our
menu we have text we have comments we
have if we just want to move stuff
around we have shapes all that good
stuff now like 90% of like everything
that you see here with like all this
crazy stuff like you don't really even
use it too much and so I think it's best
if I just show you exactly how I create
an email and then you're going to see
just how little stuff that I use and
then what stuff you should be using and
hopefully it brings you a ton of clarity
so what I'm going to be doing is I'm
going to be taking this copy here which
we put together for a gym shark email
and then I'm going to be turning that
into a design live so we can see the
copy here this is how I like to write
copy in my agency rather than just
listing out like headline this body copy
this I like to really lay things out for
the designer so that the copywriter they
know exactly how the email is going to
turn out because I used to be
exclusively a copywriter sometimes I
would think an email would turn out one
way and it would go completely different
direction and so it just lets you have a
little bit more control and designers
appreciate it because sometimes it can
be really hard just like starting from
absolutely nothing so L thing out like
this are a great way to start with your
design so you can see this is a back in
stock email it says back in stock
they're back it has a little bit of copy
then this is a button and then we want a
graphic and then core values and then
looks like we just want some fan
favorites and like best sellers just
listed out in somewh way now what's
really nice and what I highly recommend
is having templates ready to go for your
emails and so like what I do for example
is I have a ton of templates for hero
sections Bridge sections and then
product sections so right here this
gives you a really good place to like
start out when you're building an email
like for example you can see this is
hero section 7 3 and then two if you
want these just sign up for my
newsletter and you'll get information on
it but it's super helpful way to start
out and we can see I have a headline
here body copy a button and then a
graphic so I think probably we're going
to want to start off with something like
this for the template that we're using
for the hero section for this email so
I'm just going to plug this in over here
I'm going to copy and paste and I'm just
going to use this actually just on the
side for reference and you guys can just
watch me start from absolutely nothing
so again this is gym shark I do not work
for gym shark and I don't have any
access to their assets so I'm just
taking stuff off of the internet and
building from there so let's get into it
the first thing that we're going to want
to do is we want to create the logo and
so all you really need to do I'm just
going to have a white logo so I'm going
to pull up a rectangle here and just do
a logo section right here I like to have
the width for all my emails 600 so I'm
going to adjust the width width here
then let's just do 600 by 1 100 here and
then maybe change this color to a white
color and then we want to put their logo
smack dab in the middle now okay so I've
just put in their logo now I'm just
going to drag this in right here now
it's nice and centered figma helps us
align it so perfect now we have the logo
now we can kind of like map out the rest
so we're going to want a headline body
copy and then a button and then a
graphic so I'm going to want the graphic
to be in the background here so now I
just have to go find an image from gym
shark and this can usually take the
longest of your design is finding an
image that works and so that's what I'm
going to do right now and I'll report
back when I find something okay so I
found a cool picture of some jacked
people in a mirror I think this is good
it gives off like the gym shark Vibe and
I guess for this email we're going to
make it darker because this email this
image looks pretty dark so all I'm going
to do here is I'm going to align this
I'm going to make the width 600 and then
boom now the problem is we have all this
text that we need put over top of the
image and we don't want to cover their
faces so what we're going to have to do
is we're going to have to add like a
background here and make it flow and
make it look like it is part of this
image so here is what I am going to do
so I am going to take a rectangle and I
am going to place it here going to make
the width 600 and apply it here I'm
going to turn it the color black and
then I'm going to drag this here and
that actually flows kind of smoothly oh
wow I was not expecting that but we're
going to have to apply a gradient so a
gradient it's essentially just going to
be a smooth transition from one color to
another in this case we're going to do
color to a transparent background so I'm
just going to duplicate this rectangle
and then move this down to like here and
then what all that I'm going to do is
I'm going to make this a gradient so how
I do that here is I'm just going to
click the color The Fill here then I'm
going to go to this tab right here and
now we have a gradient so right now it's
going side to side so we want to make
this up to top and then this is good the
stops this is telling you what
percentage at what point do you stop but
the thing is like at this bottom instead
of making it this color we want to make
it completely transparent so I'm just
going to make that transparent and so
now what we have here is we have a
gradient from the top which is black to
now it's slowly transitioning into clear
you can see that is a little bit better
maybe we want to move it we can adjust
this as we want so I just kind of
adjusted it a little bit I changed it to
Black and then we can have this be
whatever we want I'm going to have it go
like this I think that looks pretty good
and now we have some space to add our
text so all that we need to do here is
we can just go up here and then insert
our text like this we can adjust our
size to whatever we want say like there
back so I just adjusted the font made
sure that it's all good and now we have
that copy there back and then we can
just duplicate and do the same thing for
the body copy drag this in here then
just make sure that it's aligned
okay perfect now we need the shop button
so we want to say shop best sellers so
all we need to do here is we can get
like an ellipse so all we need to do is
I'm just going to make a rectangle with
rounded Corners let's make this white
and right up here this is how you can
have rounded Corners so we can like just
start off with like 65 and see how that
looks going to want to make this a
little bigger and then I'm just going to
copy and paste this and say shop best
sellers
change you to Black oops change the
color to Black then we have a situation
here where it is behind so I can't see
the text that's because it is behind
this rectangle so if we just reorder
this then the shop best sellers comes to
the front so I'm just going to do this
and then may we want to make this a
little bit bigger since it's a button
maybe not that big like that and then we
can make it bold and maybe adjust this
button a little bit so I just messed
around until I got what I wanted and and
then boom not too shabby at all we just
need to adjust this a little bit we can
move this image and you down a little
bit then extend this and boom not too
bad and boom there's our hero section
that is not too bad this is a bit of a
long hero section it would take a long
time for a person to scroll down and
find like the next section so I'm just
going to crop this I'm going to hold the
command key and then just adjust this
maybe we can start for now just like at
right at this point right here maybe 00
x 500 so now the hero section is set let
us move on to the core values section
same sort of deal we're going to want to
set a background maybe let's mix it up
and do a white background rather than
black so that this email is way too dark
plus it's nice to like make your
sections clear for people so I'm just
going to add another Square adjust the
sizing here and make you white and then
we just want to plug in the copy going
to put you here say our core values
copy and paste and get the rest perfect
now we can just mess around with like
the sizing and the fonts how we want
them so here's how it looks looks kind
of awkward and I think that R values is
a bit lame so I'm going to change this
to something like the gym shark way and
then we kind of have like this hierarchy
of like a longer headline and then it
moves down like a pyramid and it funnels
your eyes I think that looks a little
bit better and then now we have this
section here where we have to put in the
table and then all the copy so I'm just
going to start out by like listing out
and like kind of like laying out
everything going to say value one value
two
value three value
four value
five and then we can copy this over and
then I'm going to select these and copy
them over cuz we we're going to make it
split like a table and then probably add
like some sort of a divider I think it
would look weird I don't I don't want it
to be split up too much like a grid so
maybe we make it a little bit more fluid
so I'm going to take a rectangle here
and just have small little dividers like
this that's like repeated between the
two so we'll have something like this
and then we can copy and paste it and
put it below like this so it's not like
they're trapped okay my computer just
shut down but we're all good I filled
this in I adjusted the fonts and
everything so this is what we have the
gym shark we values are invaluable we
list out the values we break things up
this way but I feel like this is still
like kind of a little bit lame there's
like no depth it looks very
two-dimensional it's it's just like a
white background so what I would do here
is I would probably add like some icons
or something or add like some gradient
or something I think it would be cool if
we add like gradients like behind the
text here so I'm going to do that so
this is how I typically do gradients
gradients are just like changing color
from like the top to the bottom like we
did in the hero section but what we're
going to do is we're going to place it
here so all I'm going to do is I'm going
to get a rectangle and I'm just going to
put it to the side and put that width
600 and then I'm going to drag it over
here like behind this we could do it
behind everything but I think I'm going
to go one by one and see how that looks
and I'm going to reorganize these layers
in a second but essentially we just want
to move this behind like the text that
we had so I'm going to move this way
back and then now we are set it's behind
let's adjust this okay so that's what we
have now I want to apply the gradient so
I want this to be white and maybe go
from like a grayish color to like a
white color at the bottom or just like
transparent so I'm going to click here
I'm going to go over to the gradient
option again right now it's going side
to side I want it to go top to bottom so
we're just going to do this and I want
it to end at White so I'm going to go to
the bottom one and then have it end like
that so that looks pretty cool that
looks pretty cool feel like this is a
bit harsh of a color to come out of
nowhere with so I'm going to try to make
this a little bit lighter just going to
drag this up maybe maybe like that is
perfect cool so that adds a little bit
of depth now I'm just going to repeat it
for the rest I'm just going to copy and
paste place you here and then drag you
down and boom just like that we are set
some of the spacing is a little bit off
so I'm going to adjust that but I think
this looks pretty good it adds a little
bit depth makes it not just like a flat
white background but I'm just going to
adjust the spacing real quick so that
we're good cool so now we are done with
this section this is what we have so far
for the design I feel like it's pretty
on brand uh it's not too far off from
what they do and looks pretty cool now
we have this bottom section but first
i'm going to reorganize layers because
you should should be doing this from the
start but I'm bad so I don't really
organize but I'm going to organize this
and show you how you should do it so
first we want to make sure that this is
one like whole frame so I'm just going
to click all this make sure we have
everything I'm going to double tap here
and we're going to create a frame so now
everything is within this Frame so if I
click the drop down you can see
everything is inside everything outside
is like this stuff and this stuff but
right here we have the frame I'm just
going to name this gym shark oops gym
shark email and then boom now it's gym
shark email and then we can adjust this
and that's the size of the frame what
I'm going to do is I'm just going to
extend this out so that we make room for
the rest of the email all right now it
is time to like group stuff and organize
everything so that it's easy to track so
I like to group everything by section so
I'm going to click everything here and
I'm going to group all this I'm just
going to click here and I'm going to
make it a group now we have group 112
which within it we have all the stuff in
the hero section so I'm just going to
name this hero section and then I want
to drag it to the top just so it's easy
to find let me scroll da da da da da
then we'll put it right here and so
actually above it we want to do the logo
section so I'm going to take both of
these I'm going to group this and then
I'm going to say logo and then drag the
logo up to the top now we have logo hero
section and we can even organize within
the hero section so like for example we
can make the button one thing so I'm
just going to group these and group that
and say button then up here we can like
change this to headline we can change
this to sub headline and organize these
as we want I'm just going to put in G
gradient which is that and then we have
the background here and then of course
last behind everything we have the image
then now it's a little bit cleaner and a
little bit better laid out and you can
easily navigate everything now I'm going
to do the same thing here for the bridge
section okay so now we are nice and
organized we have the logo we have the
hero we have the bridge section they're
all separated and they're they have
their different layers in here which are
labeled pretty nicely some people will
organize it better than I do but I keep
it pretty bare now let's we kind of went
out of order but let's do the body
section now so we're just doing our fan
favorites and then we just want to list
out a few best sellers which we can take
from the website so I'm just going to
extend this by moving the background out
a little bit because I don't think we
need to change the background too much
and I'm just going to copy this down and
then I'm going to say our fan favorites
rather than that we could even take it
like just a step further and stay on the
theme of gym shark and just say gym
shark favorites so now I'm going to go
take a couple bestsellers from their
website and just put put them off to the
side and show you guys what I do I'm
just going to choose three for now all
right so here what I chose I just did
like a couple of the main products this
is like women's and then a couple men's
um I actually have this same uh product
no I'm kidding but but you get the point
we just want to insert these in and do
our product sections so we can go up to
our product sections here and then take
some inspiration so for this one we have
three products that we want to do and we
can fill out a little bit of space here
um something to always keep a note for
your product sections is you want each
of your items to have their own like
individual shop Nows this way the
customer knows that they can click and
Shop each item directly from the email
and it's going to link them directly to
the site so I think probably the best
cure we've already given a lot of
information in the emails I don't think
we need to give like a whole bunch of
information about the product and I
don't think this would fit quite well so
I'm just going to do something like this
I'm going to recreate this myself but
essentially looks like we're doing a
little SC curve so we're showing
products like in an S and then just
giving the product name and then giving
a shop now button so I am just going to
drag these in for now maybe we put you
here we put this one here drag this down
oops so I'm just going to click the
background here and then drag this down
and then we have this here now obviously
we need to format this now so we can
just put this like let's just say like
right there is fine and then we can do
the same sort of thing here for this one
set them apart a little bit and then do
the same thing here we just want to make
sure that these are like equally spread
apart and equally the distance distances
so I'm sure there's probably an easier
easier way to do this but I usually will
just get out like a rectangle like this
and then what I'll do is make sure this
is aligned and then see how far away
this is from there 67 and then I'll go
here and then do the same thing and just
make sure it's aligned now I want to do
the same thing for how spread apart
these are so that's what it is so then I
go here and then move that up to be in
line with that and then I want to make
sure it's in line with the top as well
or with this top image so so let's see
is it going to let me align that no so I
will just take this extend this out and
then move you here so looks like this
one actually is outside of the frame so
I'm just going to move it inside of the
frame and then now it's going to let me
to it's going to let me like line this
so that's perfect right there perfect so
now I can delete that and then we have
this now we can just like fill in the
text so I just inserted a text box and
put the name of the product minimal
sports bra and then we can throw it in
wherever then we're going to want a shop
now button as well so to do that I'm
just going to go up to this button save
some time copy it and then paste it down
here and then let's adjust the sizing so
I can go down to selection colors here
and then just change the background to
Black and then this other one change the
text to White and then we can adjust the
size a little bit so let's make you a
bit smaller maybe like that is good and
then we can just change this to say shop
now just you put you inside that looks a
little bit big so maybe turn you down
just a hair and then boom that looks
like pretty good and looks evenly spaced
perfect I might even yeah I think this
is good to go this looks a little bit
empty so I want to add a little bit of
pizzazz these are really highly reviewed
products so why don't we just like put
how many how many reviews they are so
I'm just going to insert a star here and
then boom now we can just adjust the
size rather than if I just changed the
width here so you can see the the width
and the height aren't connected right
now so if I change the change the width
to like 25 it's going to completely mess
it up so I'm just going to go back and
now can make these go together in direct
proportion so if I turn this to 25 it's
also going to adjust the height so we
can do that I'm just going to change
this to Black and then give the review
number so it's rated like
4.3 I believe and then boom that's
pretty good let's adjust this a little
bit smaller and make you a little bit
smaller I adjusted it just a little bit
more and maybe also like to go with
these products it still looks a little
bit bare so I'm going to add just like a
little like quick information about the
product so just copy and paste this say
light support right now it's in all caps
and you can actually change that if you
go down in the text section to these
three dots I'm just going to change this
to do as typed and so right now it let's
click on this light support perfect and
then I will move you down and then maybe
make this smaller and then like a gray
color just like that and then let's just
make this you could do medium or just
make it light that makes it a little bit
better and then now it's just a matter
of like spacing this out that looks
pretty good I just adjusted like some of
the spacing and the sizing and I kind of
like how this looks maybe we could just
add a little bit of depth to this photo
rather than have it just be like thrown
onto there um I think we could carry
over this theme of like this line so if
I copy and paste this I can add it to
like one side of the image maybe like
put it here and then extend it and I
think this will look pretty good cool
and let's just make sure that these are
aligned and perfect I'm just going to
move this out of the prior frame and
that looks pretty pretty good it has a
little bit more depth we have some more
information on the product there's a
good amount of stuff going on but not
too much perfect I like it now I'm just
going to repeat this for the other
products now this looks pretty freaking
good I like it I like it everything has
a little bit more depth you have some
cool stuff we carry this theme of like
the black l over we have our individual
shop now buttons we have a little bit of
information on the product looks like
this just needs to be adjusted like the
the center wise so when you're go going
back through designs you're going to
notice a lot of little stuff like this
so always make sure you're checking okay
perfect and always for any product
section where you're showing individual
products maybe the person didn't like
any of these products but they want to
browse they're interested in shopping
right now so we always always always
want to end with a shop now button like
a more General shop now button after our
product sections so that they can shop
more
bestsellers so I'm just going to copy
and paste this again extend this out a
little bit and just say shop best
sellers and then adjust you make sure
you're centered and boom that looks
pretty pretty good this is beautiful
great email we start off with a high
button at the top saying shop best
sellers we go into a bridge section that
builds like kind of just like your brand
and then we outlin some products shop
best sellers now the last thing that we
need to add is the footer which is one
of the most important parts of your
email the footer is overlooked so
heavily but it is so important because
it's the only part of your emails that's
shown in every single email and so I
like to always give options for people
to shop further in the footer or have
more specific shopping options this way
no matter your email like even if you're
doing a Blog email or an educational
email you'll have shop now buttons in
the footer that people can click and so
for JY shark in this instance I want to
be able to let people shop by either man
or woman and then of course we're going
to do like social media icons and all
that good stuff so I'm going to extend
this uh down a little bit further and
for our footer we are just going to so
for the footer I like to make the
buttons a little bit different so I've
put them as wom and man so that women
and men can shop differently depending
on the email so that you don't have to
separate every email by woman and man
and then rather than make them buttons I
think I just want to create like a line
and just have like two essentially
sections so we can do a line like that
and then put a line like this and then
do the same thing for men we're going to
copy this this to make sure that they're
the same width and then move you down
make sure you guys are aligned and that
is pretty
perfect then I'm just going to copy and
paste just images or pictures of social
media icons which you can just look them
up but you can see here says frame 85
here so that means that it's not inside
of our gym shark frame so I'm going to
move this Frame I'll name it social
media and then I want to find the gym
shark email and then I'm just going to
put you down at the bottom I'll
reorganize all these in a second the
boom now it is inside and we are all
good so it's also a good idea in your
footer to have your buttons for browsing
you want to have your social media you
also want to have like icons with a
little bit of social proof this way in
every email you have that information so
I actually just screenshotted what they
have in their emails they have afterpay
Clara free shipping or free returns and
then world class support I think that's
pretty good so I'm just going to do this
and then insert that into the bottom of
the email that looks pretty good and
then at the bottom of every email I like
to build it inside of clavio but you
need to have like essentially the legal
stuff and messaging which clavio will do
for you so maybe we'll add that when we
go into clavio so I'm just going to
adjust the background here and then now
I'm going to go back and I'm going to
adjust the spacing a little bit like
move this up a little bit and then I'm
also going to organize all the layers
all righty so here is the finished
product it is all organized and set up
in here their bag we just got a new
shipment of some of our best sellers do
yourself a favor and find out how they
earn that bestseller title we have a
gradient from the top the black that
goes into the image then we'd say the
gym shark way we have this bridge
section which has a ton of depth it has
the gradient and it has all the
information and it's spread out by these
uh black lines then we have the gym
shark favorites we carry that like black
line theme over here we have individual
buttons for each product um these have a
little bit more depth they're spread out
evenly and then we finish with a shop
bestsellers button at the bottom and
then in our footer we have different
style buttons we have some icons and
then we have social media icons I don't
know about you but if I was a customer I
would be clicking these buttons and I
would be purchasing on the spot so this
is perfect now we are ready to take this
into clavia so I'm going to show you the
three-step process for making sure that
this is optimized inside of clavio so
that you can send it and not worry about
your deliverability so the first step is
we need to slice the design into
different sections so we're uploading
image files and each image can only have
one Link in so this shop bestsellers but
button needs to be different than this
and this and so they need to be separate
we also want to make sure that our image
sections aren't too big CU if we have
too big of image files then it's going
to be slow to load inside of clavio or
when somebody is opening their email in
their inbox so after we slice we're
going to export the images and take them
to a website which is going to compress
our image files and make them a lot
smaller and then once we compress them
then we can upload them into clavio
build them out and then add the correct
links and then there's an extra like
half step which I'm going to show you
essentially we just want to add some
HTML and some code into our email so all
we have to do to slice it's super easy
you just go up here and there's a slice
feature just ready for you and all you
do is you highlight the section you want
so I'm just going to separate the logo
section like this so now you can see
slice one it's over top the logo and
once you put it where you want we're
just going to click export on this slice
I like to use 2X and then export it as a
JPEG and then we're going to export it
save it and then we're going to be able
to download so I just downloaded that
now let's get another slice I'm just
going to copy and paste this slice move
this one down make sure it's aligned
with where the other one ended and I
will use just this whole section same
deal slice repeat this for different
sections that just aren't too big and
now down here we have to split each
product by each other so that someone
can individually click them same deal
with the footer we're doing the same
thing but I'm going to have to do
something a little bit different with
the icons at the bottom so at the bottom
I'm going to split it like this just to
make lives easier I'm going to do this
and so this whole section is going to be
button for Facebook and I'm going to
export that and then I'm going to make a
smaller Instagram section here and then
the same thing as Facebook I'm going to
do for Pinterest here and then we just
need to finish with the last icons here
at the bottom perfect now we have all of
our files sliced now let's take them to
a tool that is going to compress our
images I like to use I love img.com
compress compress image this is really
good it's super easy so so I can just
select all my slices and then upload
them as one big batch right here and
then you'll see look at how much space
that we saved it was 1.72 megabytes and
now it's 327 kiloby it's already
downloaded I can open it right here
perfect now let's get over to clavio so
now we are inside of clavio this is just
a random account that's not connected to
anything but all we're going to do is
head over to campaigns we're going to
create our campaign I'll say test video
click continue and then we can send
whatever list we want uh like the
newsletter beehive newsletter join my
newsletter and we can say if we want to
skip or not skip recently sent two
profiles who we don't want to send to
whatever it may be and then now we're
actually into the email subject line we
could say they're back maybe add a fire
emoji and then in the preview text we
can say something like check out these
best sellers and of course that would be
gym shark but all we're going to do now
is we're going to do drag and drop we're
just going to create a blank email so
now we are all set we're in ins side of
cavia we can just delete whatever
sections that we want I'm going to
delete this delete this section so we
only have like the unsubscribed footer
here then delete literally everything
else and we're starting from scratch
perfect so like I said we're using image
files so we're just going to drag an
image file here and we're just going to
upload our logo right here these are the
compressed ones so we're just going to
start off with slice one and then add
these in and then look at that then I'm
just going to duplicate this a bunch of
times as we have a lot of slices and
then work on replacing these okay
perfect so we've done everything except
for like the social icons you can see it
looks really good everything looks
exactly how it was and you can check
mobile as well this is perfect but I
wanted to show you for adding in these
social icons cuz you can see they were
we essentially are doing three different
things in one row so all that we want to
do is we want to upload a table here
drag the table in and then you have your
settings and so we have this left side
and then we have the right side we have
our text and then our image and then
sell content we can see this is text we
want it to be an image so I'm just going
to change this to an image and then we
can go to table settings here then we
can add another column because we have
three different columns I'll change that
to an image in a second but you can also
see that there's space on the top and
bottom that's padding so under settings
as well we can get rid of the padding
set it to zero so that the images are
taking up the whole Space you can see
now it's taking up the whole space and
we can change this to an image and now
we can upload our files so now we are
all set the file aren't too big so we're
all good to go we just need to upload
the link so all you need to do is go
into each image and just paste your link
into the link address so this one just
with the logo would be gymshark.com this
one you just go to the best sellers page
link it there and then same for each one
of these wherever the link you want the
customer to go that's what you put super
simple and you can also add alt text so
what alt text is is essentially if an
image isn't going to load for a customer
either it's too big for whatever reason
or their inbox provider blocks images is
for showing up which is very very very
very rare we barely even add alt texts
but this essentially what would show up
for somebody if they didn't if they
weren't able to see the image so in this
case you would say like they're back you
can just replace like with the copy and
say we got a new shipment a new shipment
something like that just so a person
without images would be able to kind of
understand so you can add your alt text
for each one of these and then you're
good to go and just send yourself a
preview of the email so you can test out
the links uh just send it to whatever
your email is like Max cop.net and then
you'd be good to go so boom what a
beautiful email that we made together
glad you saw it happen I'm sure this
would make jym shark a ton of money
they're not going to use it but they
should that does it for this video I
hope you got a ton of value in seeing me
create a gym shark email live using
figma I hope you learned a thing or two
so let me know in the comments if you
have any questions let me know if you
have any videos that you would like me
to create if you want another more
advanced tutorial here then I'm happy to
do that if you want me to design your
emails with my team for you and you run
an Ecom brand that does above $50,000 a
month then book a call the link will be
in the bio but anyways appreciate you
watching and I will see you in the next
video